# Week 02 Blog Post

## What did you do last week?

This week, I focused on exploring project ideas.  My initial plan was to study for coding interviews, since it has been a few years since I took data structures and algorithms.  I believe technical interviews focus on these topics.  I am struggling to come up with ways to document progress.  I could post practice problems, their solutions, and a video recording of my reasoning.

I have also been considering going in a different direction.  I am interested in learning more about AWS.  My employer currently stores about 150TB of data in very costly manner.  It might be useful to learn more about storage solutions that AWS offers.  I would need to figure out ways to expand it into a larger project to meet the requirements of the course.  Perhaps I could explore more product categories besides storage.

I also set up my blog available at https://chesnutpc.github.io/.

## What do you plan to do this week?

This week I plan on deciding on the project I will pursue and submitting the project proposal by Thursday.  I will also make another blog post.

## Are there any impediments in your way?

My main challenges are finding resources that can be used for the project.  They need to be comprehensive enough to meet the expectations of the course.  I am also struggling with my own indecisiveness about which direction to take the project.

## Reflection on the process you used last week, how can you make the process work better?

The unstructured nature of the class has posed some difficulties for me.  For whatever project I choose, I need to establish clear weekly objectives that can be easily documented.  Hopefully, with clear objectives, I can remain motivated to finish the project.
